residential san agustín is born from the real estate group and constructor lime that is
of seve
company founded in 1998 with the sole purpose of building decent homes in the
state of Mexico we currently have highly qualified staff
selected suppliers and financial support
our developments offer the maximum use of ambient spaces
Familiar security and capital gains
as a result of our capacity in residential development and
positioning we have successfully placed the following
subdivisions
residential San Jerónimo
fractionation the snowy
subdivisions sor juana inés de la cruz
and now for sale
residential san agustín
the best residential project in toluca to live up to your expectations
located to the west of the city of toluca in the street freedom number 138
san buenaventura at a distance of only 10 minutes from downtown to ten
metepec and 45 of the federal district with immediate access to the best schools
of the city and total guarantee of security and tranquility
for you your family
the residential complex has been created with an excellent architectural design
yes
Luxury finishes
sites as for events
children's entertainment center extensive green areas and services
hidden
trapping model houses 162 square meters of land 167 meters
square of construction hall study rooms chimneys
area to lower covered parking for two although all tv room
master bedroom with dressing room terrace bathrooms and many more advantages
mexico june
For your convenience we put at your service the services of credit procedures
with
infonavit support
fovissste
five finalists
as well as the best personalized attention to solve any
doubt
for reports and sales
coffee with us to phones second to 7 22
2 242 62 vial 2 17 47 26